remix.init/README.md, before:

# Welcome to Remix!

- [Remix Docs](https://remix.run/docs)
- [Netlify Functions Overview](https://docs.netlify.com/functions/overview)

## Netlify Setup

1. Install the [Netlify CLI](https://docs.netlify.com/cli/get-started/):

```sh
npm i -g netlify-cli
```

If you have previously installed the Netlify CLI, you should update it to the latest version:

```sh
npm i -g netlify-cli@latest
```

2. Sign up and log in to Netlify:

```sh
netlify login
```

3. Create a new site:

```sh
netlify init
```

## Development

The Netlify CLI starts your app in development mode, rebuilding assets on file changes.

```sh
npm run dev
```

Open up [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000), and you should be ready to go!

Note: When running the Netlify CLI, file changes will rebuild assets, but you will not see the changes to the page you are on unless you do a browser refresh of the page. Due to how the Netlify CLI builds the Remix App Server, it does not support hot module reloading.

## Deployment

There are two ways to deploy your app to Netlify, you can either link your app to your git repo and have it auto deploy changes to Netlify, or you can deploy your app manually. If you've followed the setup instructions already, all you need to do is run this:

```sh
# preview deployment
netlify deploy --build

# production deployment
netlify deploy --build --prod
```

Commit message:

chore: added a step to mention running npm install in case remix.init added deps

remix.init/README.md, after:

# Welcome to Remix!

- [Remix Docs](https://remix.run/docs)
- [Netlify Functions Overview](https://docs.netlify.com/functions/overview)

## Netlify Setup

1. Install the [Netlify CLI](https://docs.netlify.com/cli/get-started/):

```sh
npm i -g netlify-cli
```

If you have previously installed the Netlify CLI, you should update it to the latest version:

```sh
npm i -g netlify-cli@latest
```

2. Sign up and log in to Netlify:

```sh
netlify login
```

3. Create a new site:

```sh
netlify init
```

## Development

Ensure all packages are installed by running:

```sh
npm install
```

The Netlify CLI starts your app in development mode, rebuilding assets on file changes.

```sh
npm run dev
```

Open up [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000), and you should be ready to go!

Note: When running the Netlify CLI, file changes will rebuild assets, but you will not see the changes to the page you are on unless you do a browser refresh of the page. Due to how the Netlify CLI builds the Remix App Server, it does not support hot module reloading.

## Deployment

There are two ways to deploy your app to Netlify, you can either link your app to your git repo and have it auto deploy changes to Netlify, or you can deploy your app manually. If you've followed the setup instructions already, all you need to do is run this:

```sh
# preview deployment
netlify deploy --build

# production deployment
netlify deploy --build --prod
```
